Importing Libraries:


import numpy as np
import pandas as pd

numpy is a popular library in Python used for numerical computations. It provides support for large, multi-dimensional arrays and matrices, along with a collection of mathematical functions to operate on these arrays.
pandas is another widely-used library for data manipulation and analysis. It offers data structures like DataFrame and Series, which are highly efficient for handling structured data.

Visualization Setup:

%matplotlib inline
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
import seaborn as sns
color = sns.color_palette()
sns.set_style('darkgrid')

%matplotlib inline: This is a magic command in Jupyter notebooks that allows the plots generated by matplotlib to be displayed directly in the notebook.
matplotlib.pyplot is a plotting library that provides a MATLAB-like interface for creating visualizations.
seaborn is a statistical data visualization library built on top of matplotlib. It provides a high-level interface for drawing attractive and informative statistical graphics.
sns.color_palette(): This function returns a list of RGB tuples defining a color palette. It's used to set the color scheme for seaborn plots.
sns.set_style('darkgrid'): This sets the style of the seaborn plots. 'darkgrid' is one of the available styles, which adds a dark background with grid lines.


Ignoring Warnings:


import warnings
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')
This code snippet imports the warnings module and then sets it up to ignore all warnings. It's often used to suppress unnecessary warnings that might clutter the output, but it's generally a good practice to handle warnings appropriately instead of ignoring them outright.


Machine Learning-related imports:


from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split
from sklearn.metrics import mean_squared_error
from sklearn.metrics import r2_score
train_test_split: This function is used to split a dataset into training and testing sets. It helps evaluate the performance of a machine learning model on unseen data.
mean_squared_error: This function calculates the mean squared error (MSE) between the actual and predicted values. It's a common metric used to evaluate regression models.
r2_score: This function computes the coefficient of determination (R² score) of a regression model. It provides a measure of how well the model explains the variance in the target variable.